content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: Political scientist. College professor. 

email: "mail to: bwilkerson@fastmail.com"
name: Bill Wilkerson
organizations:
- name: SUNY Oneonta
  url: ""
role: Professor of Political Science
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: mailto:bwilkerson@fastmail.com
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/bill_wilkerson
- icon: instagram
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.instagram.com/bwilk1961/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/bwilker
superuser: true
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I'm a professor of political science at [SUNY Oneonta](https://suny.oneonta.edu/) who has interests in law and courts. He teaches a range of public law courses--Law Courts and Politics, Civil Rights and Liberties, and American Constitutional Development--US Government and research methods. I am also interested in R and data visualization. 

Born in Wichita, Kansas and raised in Texas, I have lived in upstate New York for the last 30-plus years. I enjoy cycling and wandering around taking photos with my wife Jennifer. I am the board of the [Schenectady Greenmarket](https://www.schenectadygreenmarket.com/). [Come visit](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Schenectady+Greenmarket/@42.8143124,-73.942029,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x89de6e0625d4a119:0x85e829b314b0770!8m2!3d42.8143085!4d-73.939835) us on Sundays from 10 a.m. - 2 p.m. 

On wilkersite, I hope to explore some of my interests with occasional posts and information about my teaching.

Commit message:

More changes to about page

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: Political scientist. College professor. Learning new things. 

interests:
- law and courts
- American politics
- data analysis and data visualization
- R

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Political Science
    institution: University at Albany,SUNY
  - course: BS in Economics
    institution: University at Albany,SUNY
 

email: "mail to: bwilkerson@fastmail.com"
name: Bill Wilkerson
organizations:
- name: SUNY Oneonta
  url: ""
role: Professor of Political Science
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: mailto:bwilkerson@fastmail.com
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/bill_wilkerson
- icon: instagram
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.instagram.com/bwilk1961/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/bwilker
- icon: strava
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.strava.com/athletes/798634

superuser: true
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

__Hello!__

I'm a professor of [political science](https://suny.oneonta.edu/political-science) at [SUNY Oneonta](https://suny.oneonta.edu/). 

Born in Wichita, Kansas and raised in Texas, I have lived in upstate New York for the last 30-plus years. I enjoy cycling and wandering around, occassionaly taking photos with my wife Jennifer. I have two adult children, Emily and Noah. 

I am the board of the [Schenectady Greenmarket](https://www.schenectadygreenmarket.com/). Come visit us on [Sundays from 10 a.m. - 2 p.m.](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Schenectady+Greenmarket/@42.8143124,-73.942029,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x89de6e0625d4a119:0x85e829b314b0770!8m2!3d42.8143085!4d-73.939835)  

On wilkersite, I hope to explore some of my interests with occasional posts.
